everyone here Josh Smith with notebooks
calm today we're taking a look at the HP
probook 65 60 B this is a new business
class notebook from HP we can see they
took a new design this year we have this
nice brown chocolate ish cover the
overall the notebook feels really sturdy
and has a nice look and feel to it one
of the first things that you'll notice
here we do have some visible screws on
the back as well as pretty flush ports
power connector we also have a display
port over here on the right side one
thing that I do really like about this
is just the new tapered look and kind of
the the beveled edges here really really
looks like a classy machine continuing
along the left side of the notebook we
have two USB 2.0 ports firewire SD card
reader eSATA USB port VGA and looks like
an Express card 54 along the front of
the notebook not a whole lot to see we
do have some slots I believe they're for
your speaker and as we go to the right
side microphone our headphone microphone
another pair of USB 2.0 we do have a DVD
RW Drive Ethernet and a Kensington lock
one other thing that's pretty cool about
this is how easy it is to remove the
case the bottom I should say for
maintenance we just move those to the
side and one-stop access to pretty much
everything RAM harddrive clean out the
fans slot this right back in pretty
easily you can put a security screw
right here if you want to keep your
employees out and we also have access to
a docking connector once we open up the
notebook we have a nice full-size
keyboard with a dedicated number pad
some of the newer things that we have
this year include the LEDs have been
relocated to the front of the device and
we have these nicer buttons here up at
the top for controlling our computer
Wi-Fi
web sound and also one to launch
calculator we have our fingerprint
reader over here and our power button
right here as well
keyboard is really nice the keys we zoom
in a little closer you can get a pretty
good look at them have nice edges
spacing is really great travel is it's
perfect as one of my favorite keyboards
on a business notebook right now if we
move over and take a little look at the
trackpad we have a pretty spacious
touchpad area here we can do a double
tap to turn it off if we want it off
while we're typing we have dedicated
rubberized mouse buttons which have
pretty good pretty good feel to them
mouse pad performance is pretty good as
we take a look at our 15.6 inch display
it does get pretty bright we have a
anti-glare display which actually makes
it work alright if I turn it a little
bit here you can look at it the Sun
coming in the window and you'll notice
that the screen is still pretty viewable
we've taken it outside and it does
alright although we would prefer to work
on it indoors most of the time we have
an Intel Core i5 processor 4 gig RAM and
one thing that's nice about the pro book
models is you get a couple different
tools like your HP power assistant which
will allow us to set a bunch of
different battery settings currently we
have it set to never turn off and and a
few other things for a battery test but
you can can do a lot of different things
with the battery testing tool or I
should say with the power system tool to
kind of get a get a grip on your power
usage we also have looks like our HP
connection manager pull that up gives us
just a look at our different connections
that we have here a few other nice
things that come with this notebook our
HP quick web and what that will allow us
to do is to gain access to the web
really quick as we boot up which will
help you get connected
this also has HP
a starter which brings your calendar and
a few other items onto your boots screen
instead of an HP logo or something like
that now if you have Outlook installed
so you can check your calendar while
you're waiting for the computer to boot
up another nice part of this notebook is
it has SRS premium sound this is a
pretty common thing now on business
notebooks or something we're starting to
see more often and it helps deliver a
better audio either when you're back in
your room relaxing on the road or if
you're delivering a presentation and you
really need to rely on audio so head
over to notebooks calm for a full review
and find out what we think of the HP
probook 65 60 B